RP onboarding updates - multi-registry model proposal (#84)
webuild-consortium/wp4-trust-group: task1-use-cases/subtask1-1-onboarding/relying_party_onboarding.md

| 1.3 Registration Confirmation | I (notified) | R, A (confirm or reject, notify) | I | I |
| 1.4 Publication in National Register | I | R, A (publish in register) | I | I |

> **Note**: [MVP] The Ecosystem Authority designates one or more Registrars. When multiple registers are in operation, the Responsible (R) role for each registration step is fullfiled by the Registrar that the Relying Party has selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: [MVP] The Ecosystem Authority designates one or more Registrars. When multiple registers are operational, the Responsible (R) role for each registration step is fullfiled by the Registrar that the Relying Party has selected.
```

## Data Model

[MVP]

> - As a baseline, there will be at least one register for all Relying Parties in WEBUILD to reduce complexity. Access Certificate validation uses the same WEBUILD trust infrastructure (LoTL as trust anchor, TL referencing the Access CA); see [MVP trust infrastructure: LoTL and Trusted Lists](onboarding-base.md#mvp-trust-infrastructure-lotl-and-trusted-lists) in the base document.

Reviewer: The Access CA trust anchor is found in a LoTE as per ETSI 119 602, i.e., after succesful validation of the LoTE, one can fetch the relevant trust anchor therein. TL, which are at MS level, references Trust Anchors for QTSPs.

Author: Thank you. I have accepted your suggestion.

> - As a baseline, there will be at least one register for all Relying Parties in WEBUILD to reduce complexity. Access Certificate validation uses the same WEBUILD trust infrastructure (LoTL as trust anchor, TL referencing the Access CA); see [MVP trust infrastructure: LoTL and Trusted Lists](onboarding-base.md#mvp-trust-infrastructure-lotl-and-trusted-lists) in the base document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As a baseline, there will be at least one register for all Relying Parties in WEBUILD to reduce complexity. Access Certificate validation uses the same WEBUILD trust infrastructure (standard PKI certificate chain validation where the trust anchor is fetched within the appropriate LoTE); see [MVP trust infrastructure: LoTL and Trusted Lists](onboarding-base.md#mvp-trust-infrastructure-lotl-and-trusted-lists) in the base document.
```
